[EXPLOSION]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on "Cosmic
Disclosure," we are with Tim,
a tactical advisor
to covert analyst,
trying to understand the
missions and strategies
of non-human intelligences
on our planet.
Welcome, Tim.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> Tim, you talked about
humans that don't have souls.
I mean, what does that mean?
>> Well, what does it mean?
So, basically, we
have certain types
of entities on this
planet, which is basically,
biological humans.
We have hybrids on
this planet as well.
We have incarnated,
reincarnated souls
that basically are no
different to any other human.
And obviously, we
also have something
which is called non-soul
human, which are basically,
biological humans that
the universe put here,
but they haven't
had the experience
of creating their own souls.
So basically, what happens is
that every consciousness unit,
which means observer
or whatever, person,
whatever you want to call it,
goes through certain stages.
And once an animal or
a human or whatever
comes to a point
of self-awareness,
in that very moment, a
soul is being created.
So basically, once
someone reaches
the stage of I awareness,
I am this, I am that,
a soul container gets created
and stores all the energy
and all the experiences
that someone
makes in their lifetime.
And through several
lifetimes, they all
get stored in this
soul container.
And this is basically
what is missing
to some humans on this planet,
as well to some animals too.
>> And how many of these
non-soul beings are
on the planet?
>> That is a good
question, Emery.
And I don't think it's easy
to find an answer to that.
So one might think that it
must be a very large number.
>> And how do we recognize them?
>> It's almost impossible to
differentiate them because what
they do is they are basically
empty vessels in that
definition, which means they
don't have an I awareness,
not yet.
But they still act
as normal humans.
But this happens because people
are projecting their own soul
and their own
awareness into them.
So basically, as much
as certain animals
that might behave
in a certain way,
they do not reflect
their own behavior.
And they are more or less
guided through the field
that has been created
through people
that already have a soul.
>> So what purpose
do they serve?
>> Well, what purpose?
They-- naturally, they do not
serve any purpose other than
filling the space, so to
speak, which makes this planet
a little more--
a little more full.
So basically, these
are background figures
that appear somewhere.
And you get the impression that
there are a lot more humans
on this planet than there are.
This is basically one
function, which is
a natural universal function.
And they also are
here to gain a soul.
So they're basically
making experiences as much
as animals do.
For example, if you have a
dog and you call your dog
in a specific way,
and the dog realizes
that it's him or her
that's being called,
that is the moment when an
animal develops an I awareness.
And that is the moment
when they create--
when they receive
a soul container.
>> Do they know through their
life that they don't have
a soul?
Or do they come to some
awareness about any of that?
>> No, they don't.
They don't actually know that.
They-- I've seen them react,
behave in a certain way,
and snap, and they
behave differently.
>> I know you had a story, some
personal experience you had
with this.
>> Oh, yeah.
That's an interesting one.
And this has nothing to do
with the projects or something.
This was just a private
approach on making contact.
Last summer, we spent some
time in the German forests.
And we were a little
group of some people.
And we were doing this
meditation technique
in order to get contact.
One of the people that
were with me was using
a laser pointer in order to--
as soon as we see something
so we can make contact.
So basically, what
happened then is
in the middle of nowhere
forest, late at night,
and we basically started
this meditation practice
and calling in someone.
And suddenly, this
group of young people
were approaching us in
the middle of nowhere.
And they were saying
like, did you call us?
And was it you with
the laser pointer?
>> Wow.
>> Yes.
And so what we found out is
that we basically made contact
with a different species.
And they used a
group of youngsters
that were hanging around there
and I don't know, get drunk
or whatever they did.
I don't know.
But it was basically in
the middle of nowhere.
But they used them and they
showed us how they did it.
They used these young
people that were basically
empty, non-soul humans,
they used them in order
to project their own awareness
and consciousness into them,
and then maneuver them around,
just like mechanics or just
like I don't know, like
a vehicle or something.
And they showed us and
explained that it's
like looking through
a window when
you look through their eyes,
and that you can maneuver them
around, and that you could--
can make them talk so that we
can have this conversation.
So basically, this went
on for a few minutes.
And until, unfortunately,
one person in my group
freaked out about this
conversation that we had.
So she got scared by a lot.
And that scared the
group of people.
And they backed off.
And this came to an end.
But basically, they
were telling us
that they are using
these non-soul humans
as empty vessels in order
to maneuver them around.
>> Who are the "they"
that you're referring to?
>> So I have no name to them.
It was basically, we're doing
this contact meditation thing
privately.
So they basically
introduced them
as having heard our calling.
And they wanted to
respond and wanted
to get in contact with us.
But they also felt like
some people in my group
would react scared and fearful.
So they didn't appeared
in their actual form
or sent a hologram or
something, but instead,
decided that they take on
one of those non-soul humans,
a group of them, and
make them contact us.
>> Is it a temporary thing
when they take over the vessel?
And where are they?
>> That's a good question.
So yes, it's a temporary thing.
You could basically take over
such person for basically ever
until it dies.
But yes, they use it
as a temporal option
to make contact.
Who were they?
I don't know.
They introduced themselves as
a non-terrestrial intelligence.
They did not talk
about if they are
present in the 3D or whatever.
So basically, we had
this conversation
with this group of young guys.
>> Where was their
consciousness before they came
into the vessel?
>> They explained to us that
they are basically somewhere
around the globe, on
the planet, basically.
So I don't know because
the whole conversation only
took like a few minutes
until one of our friends
freaked out about it.
But it could, I think,
well be on a plane,
but it could also be like in
a different realm of reality
or something, and then
projected it in those vessels.
But basically,
they told us, they
are around the globe somewhere,
and projecting themselves
into that.
>> Into that person's body.
>> Yes.
>> Are these non-soul humans
born or are they constructed?
>> Any type of animal.
Any type of life form.
It goes through certain
phases of consciousness.
So they are born on this planet
as a level 2 consciousness
being, which is basically
someone who eats, breathes,
and digests, but has
no clue about what
he or she is in an I awareness.
Interestingly
enough, you can still
have conversations with them.
But they are more like--
imagine you have a conversation
with someone in your dream.
So it's basically your
own consciousness that
is guiding the conversation.
So they can still
give you answers.
And it appears like
you're talking to a human,
but this is basically
your own projection,
your own consciousness
energy that
takes over them and gives you
a responsiveness in that way.
>> Do they share the
oneness, Tim, like we do?
How we all say
that we're all one.
But are they one with us?
>> Yeah, they are.
I mean, they are all
part of the same source
and part of the same creation.
They're just not that
much evolved and developed
compared to other humans.
You can help them
out in that way
as you can educate
them on being someone.
So basically-- and
this makes it super
hard to differentiate
what is in front of you
because they react to
the way you behave,
the way you speak to them,
they will react on that.
And they can, over
time, learn what
it means to be an I awareness.
This should happen all
the time, unless there
are other forces that see
an advantage in having
these non-soul humans, and
keep them from developing,
basically.
>> Are they being controlled by
some force or non-terrestrial
being?
>> Well, that is a
controversial topic.
What we know is that
there is a huge interest.
They are very highly
valued by certain groups
because they
basically can perform
any task that you give them.
It's basically like, you give
a certain program to them,
and they will do it.
So again, it's a super
controversial thing.
But basically, what we see is
that they are, for example,
used a lot for adult
movies, and prostitution,
and certain other tasks
where they have basically
no second thought about.
>> Understood.
Are they being used by humans
or other extraterrestrials?
>> Well, both, actually.
So what we've seen is that
non-terrestrials use them
as vessels in order to maneuver
around on the planet to project
their own awareness into them.
But we've also seen
that certain groups--
human groups around this planet
are pretty interested in them
and use them for
different tasks.
So one we've already
talked about,
which is the whole sex
industry, which is one thing.
The other thing is that we have
an interesting pattern going
on with these species,
which means humans,
us, again, as an ape race,
they stick together in groups.
And they have this group
conformity thing going on,
which other species do not have.
So if you, for example,
have the reptile species,
they wouldn't care so
much about the mainstream
as much as ape species do that
because they rely on their--
their evolutionary line
relies upon group conformity.
So basically, if you have a
huge group of non-soul humans
that you can fill with
any program that you want,
they will basically
project that into society.
And it-- you can basically
create any kind of awareness
through them.
So I don't know, if you
want to basically ridicule
the subject of UAPs, you would
make them laugh about that.
So basically, any
other person that
might have a real
authentic experience
might be having these
feelings of rejection
as becoming an outsider,
an outgroup person.
But they are not actually
dealing with other humans,
they are only dealing
with programmed lifeforms
in that way.
So this is basically one thing
how they can be utilized.
>> And who is utilizing
them that way?
You said the agenda
like with the UAPs.
Who would come down and
make them believe this,
or come to the media and
talk out loud about it?
>> I would say that
besides human groups,
some extraterrestrials,
especially reptiles,
have taking advantage of that
fact because they can clearly
identify those humans or
those non-soul humans better.
So they basically would
infiltrate society
and have groups of people
that could basically
take on every task,
be soldiers or do
whatever they want them to do.
And we have certainly seen that
over the course of history,
yes.
>> Are they tracked or
monitored for specific purposes?
You just mentioned soldiers.
>> Yes.
Well, those groups that
are interested in them,
they make sure that they
know where those people are.
And they're-- this is like
gold mining or something,
like in the old days
of the Gold Rush,
people trying to get their
hands on as much of the material
as possible.
>> How do you recognize
one of these beings, Tim?
>> That's a very
complicated thing to do.
You basically, by standard
means you cannot recognize them
because there's no--
nothing that you could-- that
indicates that you are dealing
with someone who hasn't got
a soul, because they were
look human, because
they are human.
They will behave in a
certain standard way, which
means you can, I don't know,
you can buy coffee from them
or I don't know, see
a movie with them.
And they will act
absolutely normal.
They won't do creative
jumps or something as well.
So it will appear like a
super standard human being,
not super interesting.
But you can
communicate with them.
I would say, there seem
to be some people that
have a natural sense for them,
which means they basically
feel it in some way
when they-- when someone
with a missing soul is around.
And there's also
something that has
to do with certain patterns.
So if you talk to them because
they are actually empty,
they are, at all times,
looking for new programs,
looking for new patterns.
And at some times--
so basically, they can jump
from one extreme to another
very easily.
And they can also, at times,
have certain weird hand
gestures or patterns going
on that when you talk about--
with them about a
certain topic, about--
for example, if you talk
to them about robots,
you might experience
that they adapt
to that idea and certain--
suddenly, move a little robotic.
Or if you talk to them
about dogs or something,
you can see that they suddenly
act a little dog-like,
if that makes sense.
And that has to do
with this empty vessel
sitting there that is constantly
looking for new ideas in order
how to behave, and how to
move, and how to react.
>> If they don't have a soul,
then how would we classify
them?
>> They are classified as
a second level life form,
consciousness life form,
which is basically,
all simple animals out
there that do not have an I
awareness, which is
getting more and more rare.
We are heading into
a time of this planet
where even animals have a huge
consciousness and awareness
of themselves,
which is basically
the reason for most
of these species, why
they live together.
So if you have an
elephant that is together
with humans for a long
time, they naturally
know that they are
a living being,
they know that they are an
elephant, even, whatever
that definition is for them.
>> Would you say
they're sentient?
>> Oh, the non-soul humans.
Well, they are.
They certainly react upon
stimuli, which basically, so
they can feel pain and any other
of these impulses very well.
Are they sentient in a
way that consciousness--
conscious aware being is?
I would say, no, unless
you project that into them.
So if you are conscious
about a certain reaction,
you can create a field
where they react upon it.
So basically, it's the
same way when you're
in conversation with someone.
And you feel like
your colloquist
should cry about something.
Then you're putting out
some kind of energy.
And it can happen that the
person you're talking with then
starts crying because
you put out that energy.
>> So they have emotion?
>> They have this kind of
ability that they pick up
on that.
And they could react to it, yes.
>> So they're mimicking
the other person or--
>> Yes.
>> --or do they have
their own emotions?
>> Well, very little
own emotions, I say.
And if they have emotions,
you can basically
program that away and program
different emotions into them.
But because they
are so sensible--
sensitive to other
emotions, yes, they
are mimicking whatever energy
you put into your own field.
>> How in development stages of
the human can someone be alive
but not have a soul?
>> Well, as much as any
insect that you have,
most butterflies or
something, they are alive.
They don't have an I awareness.
They might be having
an I awareness
through their hive
system, which is
different in their experience.
They're comparing
insects and human beings.
Most basic insects don't
have an I awareness,
and they're still alive.
So basically, this is the same
with those non-soul humans.
And you can, by
interacting with them
and showing them through your
own self-awareness, what's
that like.
You can introduce
a soul into them.
>> Oh, I see.
And what motivates them?
>> Basic impulse reaction stuff.
So basically, hunger, fatigue,
all those kind of things
are very heavily upon them.
They do not reflect
that behavior.
They just live by it.
What else motivates them?
They are basically looking
for certain patterns
to understand themselves.
And again, you can help
them to gain these patterns
or you can put into them
any kind of weird program,
and they will act upon it, even
to the level that they could--
they can easily speak
a different language
which they have
never learned, which
is a very interesting
thing to see.
You can basically activate
certain linguistic patterns
in their brain.
And you can change
their language,
as we have seen with
some other humans that
wake up in a hospital
and are reported
to have spoken a different
language than the day before.
>> Who stands to benefit from
using these non-soul humans?
>> So there are human groups on
this planet that are interested
in getting their hands
on those non-soul humans.
And they are basically
used for certain tasks
that a aware human
would probably not do.
So yeah.
>> Like sex trafficking?
>> Yeah, for example.
So basically, if you ever
wondered why there are so
many people in the
adult industry,
that is one reason, for example.
>> Could they be used
as killers on missions?
>> Yeah.
>> Are you saying that anything
that's dark is most likely
a soulless human.
>> I wouldn't put those
two into perspective.
So basically, they are
helpless, in a way,
that they are relying
upon outside impulses
in order to do something.
And unfortunately,
they are being
used for certain things, which
is not their natural purpose
in that way.
It's just that you can use
them to perform certain tasks.
I would say, the
way, for example,
this ET, whoever that was, used
them in order to make contact,
that this is like
a lighter approach.
>> Now are these non-soul
humans part of a AI scenario?
>> That is a very
interesting question, Emery,
because when you talk to most
technicians in those projects,
these people have a distinct
perspective on life.
When you talk to them,
they are 100% into the--
it's all in a
simulation scenario.
So they believe
in that very much.
They do not believe that there's
anything else than a computer
that the universe is.
I don't think they are right.
I think the universe
is much more than that.
I do understand the way they
have a perspective on life,
in a way that they say
the universe shares
a lot of components that
is similar to simulation.
And from that
perspective, they would
say that the AI has
beings on this planet.
And the AI itself is not
aware of having these beings
on this planet.
So they-- yes, they put them
into an AI scenario, which
is, I wouldn't say, this
is not the full truth.
>> What's the government
doing about this?
>> They know about it.
I would say, some of
these beings are used--
some of the non-soul humans
are used for certain purposes,
for certain--
transporting certain
messages, for example.
So if you need a
big mass of people
that stand behind
something, then you
can program these beings.
And then you have
100,000 people that
might go on the
street and protest
for that specific
cause, just because they
are programmed to do so.
>> Are they being more used by
humans or extraterrestrials?
>> Well, I would say that
there are human groups that are
specialized in this.
And they are pretty--
they value these
beings very highly.
>> Now, are they a
threat in any way?
>> Not by its--
by themselves, because they
are basically empty vessels,
so to speak.
You can still-- when you
interact with them and you
see danger in them, they will
certainly react upon that
and pose the threat if you
project out your energy.
It's like a dog, for example,
a wild dog or something,
when you project out
fear or something,
it's more likely that the dog
will attack you in some way.
>> So you can get them worked
up is what you're saying?
>> Yeah, you can
influence them heavily.
So if you give a different
energy into the room,
they will act upon
it differently.
It's getting more dangerous
when you put in some programs
into these beings
that might be harmful.
>> So can a non-soul human mate
and have a relationship with
a normal human?
>> Yes, they can,
because basically,
they're 100% biological human.
So they can have babies.
They can have relationships.
And I'm 100% sure
that there are amounts
of people that are currently
having relationships
with non-soul humans.
>> What's that result?
>> It depends over time when
you have a very loving and dear
relationship to a non-soul
human or an animal, whatever,
when you call it
a pet, over time,
they will develop some kind of
soul, some kind of I awareness.
This is the natural pattern
that the universe has,
that it puts non-experienced
lifeforms together
with experienced lifeforms
so they can share
information and grow from that.
>> What about two
non-soul humans together?
>> Well, 100%, you can make
them mate and have children.
Most probably, the offspring
of two non-soul humans
will be another non-soul human.
But basically, in that progress,
a soul could enter the fetus
and make it a regular
soul human being.
But yes--
>> They could give birth
to a person with a soul?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
And this person could then
give its information down
to the non-soul humans.
And they will start
having a regular soul
in an I awareness, yes.
>> So as humankind ascends,
where do they fit in?
>> If it comes down
to natural patterns,
I would say that they are
learning from regular aware
human beings and developing
them from that point on, getting
more aware.
So basically, I would say, if
it comes to a natural pattern,
untouched in a way which it
is not, then I would say,
there will be a time when there
is no non-soul animal or life
form on this planet, and only--
there will only be beings with
a level 4 consciousness, which
is an elevated I awareness.
I'm more than myself.
I'm more than I am.
I am this experience.
This is level 4 consciousness.
So basically, they
would eventually
go from level 2 consciousness
to level 4 consciousness,
and be regular human
ascended beings.
But again, this is the scenario
only when it's untouched.
And as long as there
are some benefits
to keeping those
non-soul humans,
they will not have the chance
to develop in a normal way.
>> Are they connected to source?
>> So everything is
connected to source.
And they are connected
to source as much
as a stone or this table
is connected to source.
If you leave them,
they would definitely
have a more or less
normal development
of their consciousness as well.
So basically, as the Buddhist--
Buddha says, everything
contains the nature of Buddha.
They also could become
highly conscious beings
if you let them.
>> What's the difference
between a non-soul human being
and a fairly
unconscious human being?
>> As long as someone has
an I perception, meaning,
I know that I am something,
then they have a soul.
So if they don't,
even if they pretend
to have an idea about what is
I, even if they say, I am--
I don't know, and they
say a name or something,
that doesn't mean that they
reflect upon that as much
as a dog, for example, that
has this thought and knows,
oh, I am this because
my human is calling me
like that or something.
So I would say, you can have
a very low consciousness
and have an I awareness.
Low consciousness in terms of
a non-functional consciousness,
a non-elevated consciousness.
A consciousness that might be
focused on the lower interests.
>> The lower echelon, yeah.
>> Right.
Exactly.
But that could also--
but that still means
that someone has a soul.
But then again, there are
beings that have no I awareness.
They don't reflect upon that.
So they don't have a soul.
>> Tim, thank you so much
for being on the show.
>> Thank you, Emery.
>> I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]